README.md, before:

Version 1.1 -new Songs :Sweet Sensation, Milosc W Zakopanem, Not Your Ordinary Improve Song Spawning and Create an Auto Stop after 30 seconds
Version 1.2 -fix roulette position after a while, ad speed over time and supports now 32bit Machines

Hello dear user, lets have some fun with my "Choco Song Roulette", 
i will update it every week, to implement new songs and some Features like (Particle System, Counting Plays and Online Higscore)

How to use: 
run ChocoRoulette.exe
Press Start to Shuffle All songs.
Press Stop to get a random song.

Filters:
you may change the Filter in the Textbox.

type ABBA for all ABBA songs
type Swish Swish for only Swish Swish songs
type multiple songs each one line to get these songs to shuffle
type Solo for all solo Dancer songs
type 2012 for all Songs that release 2012
type Just Dance 2014 for all songs that be available for Just dance 2014 
type 10random for 10 random songs
type 100random songs for 100 random songs ( 1-475) possible
type ALTERNATE for all alternate songs 
type KIDS for all kids songs
type all for all songs and you can use all of these filter multiple lines

like : 

ABBA
SOLO
10random
KIDS

i will improve that feature and fix issues, this build is 1.0
have fun and lets dance with ChocoSongRoulette.

ChocolandTV

Commit message:

1.3 update
Version 1.3 Added 190 Songs + fixed autostop and improved Filters (multiple filter by lines and  Alternate works now as Filter and Just Dance 2020 eg.)

README.md, after:

Version 1.1 -new Songs :Sweet Sensation, Milosc W Zakopanem, Not Your Ordinary Improve Song Spawning and Create an Auto Stop after 30 seconds
Version 1.2 -fix roulette position after a while, ad speed over time and supports now 32bit Machines
Version 1.3 Added 190 Songs + fixed autostop and improved Filters (multiple filter by lines and  Alternate works now as Filter and Just Dance 2020 eg.) 


Hello dear user, lets have some fun with my "Choco Song Roulette", 

How to use: 
run ChocoRoulette.exe
Press Start to Shuffle All songs.
Press Stop  or wait 15 seconds to get a random song.

Filters:
you may change the Filter in the Textbox.

type ABBA for all ABBA songs
type Swish Swish for only Swish Swish songs
type multiple songs each one line to get these songs to shuffle
type Solo for all solo Dancer songs
type 2012 for all Songs that release 2012
type Just Dance 2014 for all songs that be available for Just dance 2014 
type 10random for 10 random songs
type 100random songs for 100 random songs ( 1-475) possible
type ALTERNATE for all alternate songs 
type KIDS for all kids songs
type all for all songs and you can use all of these filter multiple lines

like : 

ABBA
SOLO
10random
KIDS

i will improve that feature and fix issues, this build is 1.0
have fun and lets dance with ChocoSongRoulette.

ChocolandTV
